a good goal is toe. Go online, figure out your advancement path and make
sure that you're checking all the boxes that it takes Thio get to
the next level. So, for instance, for first class Petty Officer as
an electrician's, um, they expect you to be a leading chief petty officer.
Or at least, um, and assistant leading Petty officer. Other jobs
could be training pair, officer, quality, quality assurance person
or three m co ordinator. There are many jobs that you can do at that
level. Make sure that you either do one job really well. Eso you
really appeal for a long time or you have lots of experience doing
all the other jobs eso they that you have a broad range of what they
do. So what you don't want to do is, uh, keep doing the second class
job that you were doing before, and there's a lot of opportunity for
that. You might become promoted, and they're not going to switch
you overnight. So if you wanna be promoted, um, faster to the next level,
just say, Hey, you know what? I was a second class. I was a technical
person. I was going down there in the in the in the turbine
generators and opening up cleaning things, and they allow you to do
that. But they really look highly on the people who stop doing that.
Figure out what the first classes are supposed to be doing. Um, if
they're gonna be leading the whole entire unit of, like, let's say 15
people and start doing it immediately, Um, start seeing what the chief
does and saying, and you have to say, Hey, you know what? Is there
something that I could do to help you out with that? Yeah, sure.
Take these papers or Yeah, sure. This is the qualification, Um, of
this unit. Make sure that they're all at, you know, 90% or greater a
songs. You start taking on the role of the next level above you, or
at least like being very, very proficient at the job that you're supposed
to be. Um, then you can start doing those things earlier rather
than later.